And as a final example why this is useful.
All turned us back to D for definition here so to have the same idea again.
Let's say my person here already has H.
Property which is 30.
And I'll leave the rest.
So here I'll also print out person age referring to this age property.
What do you think.
And I'll get it for his run.
I get 27 or 30.
That was the other reason I was talking about why symbols are great.
I'm not over writing age here even though I do have th key here it is again some unique ID.
You don't know you concierge's probably a long string a long number whatever it is a unique ID in the
background and therefore this age symbol I added here has nothing to do doesn't override this h property
which person already has which of course is very useful to make sure that you're not accidentally doing
something like that.
And this is why I have access to both properties Uruk and get different values.